Program Specific Outcomes(PSO)
PSO 1: Graduates will demonstrate strong programming and problem-solving abilities for the design, development, and maintenance of software solutions.
PSO 2: Graduates will be able to identify, formulate, analyze, and solve real-world problems by applying principles of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.
PSO 3: Graduates will be capable of using computational platforms and execution environments to deploy and manage computing solutions effectively.


PROGRAM OUTCOMES (POs) 
 
Engineering Graduates will be able to: 
PO1: Engineering Knowledge: Apply knowledge of mathematics, natural science, computing, 
engineering fundamentals and an engineering specialization as specified in WK1 to WK4 
respectively to develop to the solution of complex engineering problems. 
 
PO2: Problem Analysis: Identify, formulate, review research literature and analyze complex 
engineering problems reaching substantiated conclusions with consideration for sustainable 
development. (WK1 to WK4) 
 
PO3: Design/Development of Solutions: Design creative solutions for complex engineering 
problems and design/develop systems/components/processes to meet identified needs with 
consideration for the public health and safety, whole-life cost, net zero carbon, culture, society and 
environment as required. (WK5) 
 
PO4: Conduct Investigations of Complex Problems: Conduct investigations of complex 
engineering problems using research-based knowledge including design of experiments, 
modelling, analysis & interpretation of data to provide valid conclusions. (WK8). 
 
PO5: Engineering Tool Usage: Create, select and apply appropriate techniques, resources and 
modern engineering & IT tools, including prediction and modelling recognizing their limitations 
to solve complex engineering problems. (WK2 and WK6) 
 
PO6: The Engineer and The World: Analyze and evaluate societal and environmental aspects 
while solving complex engineering problems for its impact on sustainability with reference to 
economy, health, safety, legal framework, culture and environment. (WK1, WK5, and WK7). 
 
PO7: Ethics: Apply ethical principles and commit to professional ethics, human values, diversity 
and inclusion; adhere to national & international laws. (WK9) 
 
PO8: Individual and Collaborative Team work: Function effectively as an individual, and as a 
member or leader in diverse/multi-disciplinary teams. 
 
PO9: Communication: Communicate effectively and inclusively within the engineering 
community and society at large, such as being able to comprehend and write effective reports and 
design documentation, make effective presentations considering cultural, language, and learning 
differences 
 
PO10: Project Management and Finance: Apply knowledge and understanding of engineering 
management principles and economic decision-making and apply these to one’s own work, as a 
member and leader in a team, and to manage projects and in multidisciplinary environments. 
 
PO11: Life-Long Learning: Recognize the need for, and have the preparation and ability for i) 
independent and life-long learning ii) adaptability to new and emerging technologies and iii) 
critical thinking in the broadest context of technological change. (WK8)



IOT Course Objectives

1. To understand the evolution of Cellular Technology and the IOT architecture
2. To understand the application of Python to drive IoT devices
3. Wireless connectivity design principles for IoT devices
4.
Understand the integration of computing technologies like dockers and containers
with Internet of Things
5. Understand the sensor technology and its applications

IOT Course Outcomes: At the end of the course, student will be able to:

CO1
Analyze the advances in Cellular technology and the functions of each layer in IoT
architecture
CO2 Analyze the application of protocols and programming of IoT devices
CO3
Apply the concepts of data analytics to understand how data acquired through IoT
devices are captured and realized
CO4
Comprehend the working of sensors and actuators to understand how data is stored
and computed in the cloud environment